Try to improve triage docs (#16234)
WordPress/gutenberg: CONTRIBUTING.md

If you'd like to contribute to the design or front-end, feel free to contribute to tickets labelled [Needs Design](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22Needs+Design%22) or [Needs Design Feedback](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A"Needs+Design+Feedback%22). We could use your thoughtful replies, mockups, animatics, sketches, doodles. Proposed changes are best done as minimal and specific iterations on the work that precedes it so we can compare. The [WordPress Design team](http://make.wordpress.org/design/) uses [Figma](https://www.figma.com/) to collaborate and share work. If you'd like to contribute, join the [#design channel](http://wordpress.slack.com/messages/design/) in [Slack](https://make.wordpress.org/chat/) and ask the team to set you up with a free Figma account. This will give you access to a helpful [library of components](https://www.figma.com/file/ZtN5xslEVYgzU7Dd5CxgGZwq/WordPress-Components?node-id=0%3A1) used in WordPress.

## Triage Contributions

> *Triage* is the practice of reviewing existing issues to make sure they’re relevant, actionable, and have all the information they need. Triaging is a very important contribution because it allows the community to focus on and prioritise issues, feature proposals, discussions and so on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Triage* is the practice of reviewing existing issues to make sure they’re relevant, actionable, and have all the information needed to reproduce and/or solve the issue. Triaging is a very important contribution because it allows the community to focus on and prioritise issues, feature proposals, discussions, and so on.
```
